So in this video we will talk about the two classes, which is transaction on Java and many statements
on Java files.
So a transaction or Java page will appear after the successful login of the accounts.
So this.
Class is defined inside the package bank.
We have imported the necessary packages like Java Auditability, which will help us to create graphical
user interface.
Java JWT taught event which is help us to handle events over the buttons.
And Java starts when.
Which will be our vehicle, which is a basically a modified version of a package, and the giant scale
will help us to interact with our database now that we have defined the public class transaction, which
is extending frame.
And implementing or class interface.
After that we have defined that there is a label, one and seven buttons will be there and there is
a certain type of variable pin.
Now we have defined the parameterized constructor of the class by passing a string type of variable
pin and set the current current instance of pin variable to the past.
A string pin then.
We have defined the image icon object by with the help of class or get system resource by passing the
image or location of the image.
And after that we have scaled the position and instance size of that image.
In the image I image object A2.
After that we have passed that image object to the image icon three and then we have passed that image
icon object in our label, L2.
After that, what we did is set the location and size for the L2 to the location will be zero, comma
zero and its size is nine six to cross 1080.
And after that we have added that label to our frame.
The next level.
Here is one which is a new J label.
Please select your transaction so it will be showing.
Please select your transaction after that.
We have set the foreground color of that label as white, colored or white.
So after that we have set the font for that label that is a new font.
It's family system, its type is bold and its size will be 16.
Then there are six patterns we have defined.
First button is labelled as deposit.
Second button is as gas withdrawal.
Third button is as fast as fourth button is as many statement.
Fifth button is as pin change and the sixth button is at balance inquiry.
Seventh button is as exit.
So these will be the options inside our transaction interface or window.
After that, we have set the layout of the complete window as null.
And then we have set the.
Location and size for those labels.
So one will be having a location at 235, comma 400 and its size will be seven in Red Cross 35.
And then we have added that 11 to our two.
After that, we have set the location and size for the button one.
Its size is 150 to 35 and its location is 170, comma 499.
After that, we have added that button to our end two.
Similarly, for the button two, we have set it its location and its size.
The location is 390 for 99 and its size is 150 cross 35.
Similarly adding that button to also our label.
After that we have defined the set down for our button three.
Its size is 150 to 35 and its location will be 170, comma 543.
And adding that button to our label too.
After that in the there is a button for setting.
Bound for that button for each location is 390 comma 543 and its size will be 150 plus 35.
And adding that button for to our label to after that we have defined the button five location of it
17588 and its size will be 150 parameter across 35.
Then we have added that button to also our label.
Similarly for the button six, we have defined its location as three 9588 and after that we have its
size as 150 plus 35, adding that two also over label two then for the last button seven we have its
location is 390 comma 633 and its size as 150 plus 35 adding that also to our button, that button to
our label Delta.
Similarly, we have added Excel is not over all the buttons.
Then we have set the size of the complete frame as 960 1080 and its location is 500 comma zero and the
property of the frame as true and the visibility as true what we are doing after this we have defined
the action, perform the event.
So inside the action performance method, it is taking action event object as argument.
So if the source of the event is from one, what we will do.
We will set the current visibility of the window as false, and we will call the deposit clause new
deposit by passing that pin.
And so the visibility as to now if the source of the button is from B2, we will again close this current
window and call the withdrawal class by passing that pin and set the visibility as true.
Similarly, for the button three, we will close the current window and we will call the fast gas by
passing bin to that class and set the visibility as true.
If the source of the baton is from before, then we will call them in statement class by passing payments
and the possibility as to if the source of the baton is from five.
Then we will set the visibility of the current window as false and calling the PIN method by passing
the PIN and set the visibility as true.
And after that, if the source of the baton is from B six, we will set the visibility as false and
we will call balance enquiry, pin balance enquiry, passing the PIN as an argument and setting the
visibility as to now elseif, if the source of the pattern is from BB7, we will be closing the complete
programme.
Inside the main method we have called the new transaction with the null values and set the possibility
as to.
Now let's have a look at another class that is a mini statement on Java file.
So inside the package bank, what we have did is we have defined import Java, JWT, which will help
us to create graphical user interface Java event which will help us to handle events over the button's
swing dot aspect and Java dot scale to interact with our database.
After after that, what we did is we have.
A stored initial is initialized and defined our class many statement which is extending the frame and
implementing accent listener.
And there are two buttons, B1 and B2 and there is a label L1.
So after that we have defined.
Parameterized.
After that, we have defined the parameterized.
Constructed here is string passing that string pin and we have headed it as many statement.
After that we will be getting content paint and set background color as white for the complete window.
Then we set the size as 400, comma 600, and after that set location as 20, comma, 20.
Now one new label will be defined and add 11.
Adding 11 to a word frame.
After that there is a label two as Indian bank and set the bound for that label as 150, comma 20 and
size as 100 cross 20 and adding that L2 to our frame.
Similarly, there is a label L three which is which does not contain any value and its location is 28
and its size is 300 comma 300 cross 20.
Adding that label to our frame.
After that there is a label for which will also not contain any values.
Its location is 20 comma 400 intended size trend across 40, adding that to our frame.
Inside the block.
We have initialized the connection and created a connection with the help of our connection class.
And now for inside the results set instance, we have executed the query select aspect from log in where
PIN will match.
So from the login table we will fetch the record and where the pin will match.
And while our start next for that record of that particular pin, what we are doing is we adding in
label three set text card number.
We will be adding card number in label three and substring zero comma four.
So we will be getting last starting four digits of that card.
Then we will add these x x x in the middle and after that we will be fetching the last four digits substring
from 12 to last.
So this is how the card number will be displayed.
Guys BLOCK will handle an exception if occurs.
Similarly, for the right block, we have balances equals to zero.
Initialize the connection with the database and with the help of results.
At instance, what we are doing is executing the query that is select as from bank where pin number
match.
So from from the bank table, we will be fetching the record for that particular pin and over that record
we will be trading by loop and L1 dot set text.
So inside the L1, what we will do is L1 get text.
So we will be getting text from the L1 and add it to with that is estimated tag and asked string from
date.
So from the date method, we will get the date of that transaction.
This is for the space as we have created here an HTML tag.
And after that there is a get a string mode that will get a string from the mode and these will be the
spaces.
After that there is an amount and then we have defined BBR.
So that will be breaking up the two lines break and then we have closed the HTML tag.
After that there is if I don't get a string mode equals to this bar deposit.
So if the mode is of deposit, so we will be printing amount by adding in the balance.
And if the mode is from withdrawal, then we will be subtracting the amount and storing it in the balance.
So for that set, text your total balances balance.
So we will then add text through our label for with this statement.
After that, cash block will handle any exception if occurs and set the layout of the complete window
as null and after that there is a button exit.
So adding that button to our frame, adding action listener to it, and setting the bound for the L1
which is 20 comma, 140 position and 400 plus 200 its size, then setting the bound for that button
which is exit 20, comma 500.
Location in Red Cross 25 its size then inside the action perform element for the exit button, we will
just simply set the visibility of the current window as false.
And inside the static Weidman method, we will be calling mini statement with the null argument and
setting the visibility as to.
So these are the two classes named as transaction or Java and meaning statement on Java.
So this is all about in this.